Assert when op formats from the future are applied to a map (#23659)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/all-heads-lay.md

---
"@fluid-experimental/attributable-map": minor
"@fluidframework/map": minor
"@fluidframework/sequence": minor
---
---
"section": fix
---

SharedMap, SharedIntervalCollection and AttributableMap now error on unrecognized Ops

To avoid future versions of DDSes with new Op types causing silent data corruption and de-sync between clients,
DDSes should error when unable to apply an Op.
This prevents data loss and corruption scenarios like a summary client using old code discarding all ops from newer clients.

If updating applications using SharedMap, SharedIntervalCollection and AttributableMap use a newer version which adds Ops types in the future,
old clients which are old enough to be from before this fix will ignore the new ops instead of erroring.

> Therefor is may be useful to ensure this update is deplored as widely as possible before migrating any top newer versions which add new op formats to these DDSes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore it may be useful to ensure this update is deployed as widely as possible before migrating any to newer versions which add new op formats to these DDSes.
```
